[bitnami/keycloak] Add admin ingress (#21872)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/keycloak/templates/NOTES.txt

   echo "Keycloak URL: http{{ if .Values.ingress.tls }}s{{ end }}://{{ (tpl .Values.ingress.hostname .) }}/"
   echo "$CLUSTER_IP  {{ (tpl .Values.ingress.hostname .) }}" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts

{{- if .Values.adminIngress.enabled }}

> Provided that the environment variable `KC_HOSTNAME_ADMIN` has been set, as well as the `frontendUrl` property of
> the `master` realm (see README for an example) :
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin area of Keycloak has been configured to point to a different domain ({{ .Values.adminIngress.hostname }}). Please, remember to  update the `frontendUrl` property of the `master` (or any other) realm for it to work properly (see README for an example) :
```

Reviewer: I'm not saying this is the right wording, but I think something like it can make it 😁

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I've included it 👍
